Workshop 2 Reflection
1) You must allocate new dynamic memory when you increase the size of an existing array because if you were to not 
allocate new memory when doing so, the already allocated dynamic memory would go out of scope making it lose the values 
and then the oringinal values would not be accessible in the new dynamically allocated memoy. So instead, we would 
allocate new memory and copy the originally allocated memory into the newly larger one.
2) No we do not have a memory leak because in order to have a memory leak, it has to be one of two things happening: the 
pointer to dynamic memory goes out of schope before the application deallocates that memory or the pointer to dynamic 
memory changes its value before the application deallocates the memory starting at the address stored in that pointer. 
Being that the data within the Kingdom structure was successfully printed by the display function, it does not fit either 
requirement for it to be considered a memory leak.
3) The compiler will know which display function to be called based on the argument types in the function call. So, 
depending on what arguement is used within the display function, it will call the appropriate one that is needed to 
fulfil the set requirements.
4) Being that this is the first workshop that including actual writing of code, I have learned a number of different 
things such as how to allocate and deallocate dynamic memory, the use of static memory, how useful overloading a function 
is, and how to allocate new dynamic memory when you increase the size of an array. From my experience of this workshop 
it is especially important to understand the allocation of dynamic memory as it was a confusing concept when having to 
allocate new dynamic memory for an existing array.

Quiz 2 Reflection 
Explain the purpose of a constructor in a class: 
A constructor is a kind of member function that initializes an instance of its class.
Explain the purpose of a destructor in a class: 
The purpose of the destructor is to free the resources that the object may have acquired during its lifetime.
Describe a situation when a class does not have a default constructor: 
When you do not define the function therefore one will be synthesized for you requiring no arguements.
